# MiTesis
The thesis was written in Spanish and can be downloaded from the Universities Library in this link: http://biblioteca.usac.edu.gt/tesis/08/08_0222_CS.pdf

This is the source code of my thesis. The thesis was published in the University web site. And was developed between January 2002 and October 2003 using the Rational Unified Process, Universial Modeling Language, SQL Data Base and the three layer architecture model for web application. 
I programmed this source code for a project that was approved by the Professors at the School of Sciences and Systems Enginnering at the Faculty of Engineering of the 
Univeristy San Carlos of Guatemala (Universidad de San Carlos de Guatemala) in Guatemala, Guatemala. 
This web application was developed using Microsoft Visual Studio 6.0. The ASP programming language and the C/C++ 6.0 programming language. 
The database was Microsoft SQL Server 2000. 
Originally this website was developed for the students but they later prefered using social networks. The data generated by this website is property of the University and I granted the rights to the University, however they stoped ussing it. This was ment to be part of the Virtual University project, but after I graduated they decided to use open source PHP programming language. Now I think this was a smart decition because enable the students to keep developing the web application using open source that enable the technology to be part of a community that updates and upgrade it periodically. 
At the time I was a student the Direction was using this Microsoft Technology for all of its students projects, so that was the main reason I used it in the first place. 
I also decided not to change it since it was already approved by the Thesis Evaluation Commitee. 
This part of the project only covers the Active Server Pages, source code that are used in the View layer and it also contains the basic Controller components. 
The model layer was programmed in Visual Basic 6.0 but all that it does is to provide a data base connection.  

The website architecture is 3 layers (data layer, front end layer and, business layer) that was the standard of that time. The technology was chosen by the professors of the University, my main activities where related to coding the website and explaining the process in my Thesis. 

This was my last project as a student and tought me a lot about the web applications methodologies and best practices at the time. 
Today we have more options for this kind of project and with open source, it will be easier to develop, upgrade and manage this kind of application. 
This website was active for some years but later it was taken down. 
This website relies mostly on the Digital Certification for the security functions, and in imput validation against SQL injections attack. This thesis was published in November 2004, when I graduated. 

